Create rule S6708(secrets): Discord Webhook URLs should not be disclosed (#2919)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6708/secrets/rule.adoc

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/description.adoc[]

== Why is this an issue?

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/rationale.adoc[]

=== What is the potential impact?

In the case of Discord, a webhook URL allows access to a channel and the
consequences depend on what is specified in the `Bot Permissions`.

Below are some real-world scenarios that illustrate some impacts of an attacker
exploiting the vulnerability.

==== Identity spoofing

Using the webhook URL, attackers can impersonate you or your bot, send messages
on your behalf or perform other actions that could disrupt the integrity of
your server.

==== Phishing

> An attacker can exploit this vulnerability to offer users links to a malicious

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An attacker can use this webhook to offer users links to a malicious
```
